## Inbound & outbound marketing

The modern world is largely based on the Internet. Continuous flow of information, conducting banking transactions, online shopping - these activities are more and more often starting on online platforms. They are finalized in real life, e.g. in the form  of purchased items, selected services or transactions made. In order to take place for these activities, the recipient - client is needed. In marketing, a potential customer or recipient should be found - including relevant services. One of them is [cominer.io](https://cominer.io).
  
The tool which is the above mentioned website serves to achieve a specific goal,  preceded by a specific strategy. Broadly defined marketing has two main strategies, outbound and inbound, but the  goal is one: to acquire a potential recipient and to persuade him, for example, to buy a good or service.

The older type of strategy, which is outbound marketing, focuses on reaching as many potential recipients as possible, using telemarketing, press, radio and television, graphic advertising, sponsored links, etc. The message advertising the product or service is addressed to both interested parties and also to completely indifferent and accidental customers. Although this type of marketing can be considered by some to be tiring, in many cases it is so effective that even a reluctant customer will after a while reach for the recommended product or service. Inbound marketing is the opposite of the first strategy  - in this case the recipient chooses the product or service that is interested in it and only looks for it when it is needed. The new marketing strategy uses quite different, more modern media and activities - social media activity, substantive articles and valuable texts published on the Internet (so-called "content marketing"), interesting Ebooks, videos and presentations, newsletters, etc. these messages are focused on a selected group of recipients and it is addressed to them. This type of marketing gradually builds trust among customers and, consequently, strengthens the company's position.

What role can [cominer.io](https://cominer.io) play in these strategies? It can become an effective tool enabling and facilitating contact with potential clients. The website is to be a functional search engine, using a huge database, especially publicly available emails for specific domains. In practice, this works in such a way that even if you do not know what is the name of the email, the system automatically returns the pattern to the sender of the email.  This service is called Email Serach. Another service, available at [cominer.io](https://cominer.io), is Email Verifier. Thanks to it, we can make sure that the email (both the known one and the "guessed" one) will definitely be delivered to the recipient's mailbox. This service assures the sender that the email is correct. The third service is the so-called Person Finder.  It works well when you're looking for a specific email in a company that employs hundreds of employees. The search is based on the knowledge of the email sought for a specific person - all you need to do is enter your name and domain and the service will immediately return the actual or possible email to that particular person.


Regardless of which of the [cominer.io](https://cominer.io) services will be used (it will depend on the knowledge searching for specific e-mails), it will be easy to find a contact for a specific customer. That is why the website offers tools that are to help mainly those who work in inbound or outbound marketing. And thanks to the proper use of these tools, the potential recipient can quickly become a real customer, satisfied with the product or service offered to him.
